DOCSP-17659 replaced above and below (#144)
mongodb/docs-java: source/fundamentals/logging.txt

      ``logback.xml`` file does not have to be in a specific location, but it must
      be accessible from your classpath. 

>       The Logback framework defines the following log levels. The
>       following lists the log levels in order from most urgent to least

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The Logback framework defines the following log levels,
      ordered from most urgent to least
```

Nit: I don't think "the following lists..." is a clear subject. What/who is "the following"? Applies to both logging edits.
